README.md, before:

## Scrapper Comparison Project
This simple project is a web automation projects
to compare the results of two different ui elements
with typescript and puppeteer.

### Goals
- Collect `companies` page of hicaptilize page and create a type object (hint: sitemap may help)
- On Alight website search from a set of employers using search trool.
- Expose the ability to search via a REST API. (Hint: consider Postman or curl)
- Have example/test for potential employer keywords
- Have runnable and repoducible locally (potentially use Dockerfile)
- Make automations extensible where possible
- Create clear documentation for local use.

### Non-Goals
- Create a UI for the automation process
- Create a lambda for these automation scripts and productionalize the process.
- Creating a CLI for automation scripts.



### Data Type Object
```typescript
type Company = {
    name: string 
    industry: string 
    phoneNumber: string
    contact: string
    ein: string
    numberOfEmployees: number
    planProvider: ProviderPlan
}
```

```typescript
type ProviderPlan = {
    companyName: string
    provider: string
    website: string
    planName: string
    phoneNumber: string
    faxNumber: string
    hoursOfOperation: string
    address: string
    
} 
```



### Things to improve:


#### Website sources:
- https://www.hicapitalize.com/find-my-401k/
- https://www.alight.com/Find-Your-HR-Website
- https://app.hicapitalize.com/rollover/new/find-my-401k

Commit message:

final commit before time limit.

README.md, after:

## Scrapper Comparison Project
This simple project is a web automation projects
to compare the results of two different ui elements
with typescript and puppeteer.

## How to run locally
```text
npm run dev
```

### Goals
- Collect `companies` page of hicaptilize page and create a type object (hint: sitemap may help)
- On Alight website search from a set of employers using search trool.
- Expose the ability to search via a REST API. (Hint: consider Postman or curl)
- Have example/test for potential employer keywords
- Have runnable and repoducible locally (potentially use Dockerfile)
- Make automations extensible where possible
- Create clear documentation for local use.

### Non-Goals
- Create a UI for the automation process
- Create a lambda for these automation scripts and productionalize the process.
- Creating a CLI for automation scripts.

## Overall insights:
- Query Selectors were hard to pinpoint. Inspect copy query selector helped on console, but ran into issues with running the scraper.ts file with some fields.
- Actual page actions really shined through with puppeteer.
- Didn't have time to implement localhost ability. Would be pretty simple with node and httpserver/express routing.
- Didn't get a chance to compare the search results. Hardest part would be determining the correct query selectors on both page.
- Current script is a little brittle to changing query selectors (think ids and class names).
- For common goals/actions you can generalize.

### Data Type Object
```typescript
type Company = {
    name: string 
    industry: string 
    headquarters: string
    phoneNumber: string
    contact: string
    ein: string
    numberOfEmployees: number
    planProvider: ProviderPlan
}
```

```typescript
type ProviderPlan = {
    companyName: string
    provider: string
    website: string
    planName: string
    phoneNumber: string
    faxNumber: string
    hoursOfOperation: string
    address: string
    
} 
```

### Things to improve:
- query selection investigation and gathering.
- making overall scrapping more generalized and more extensible.

#### Website sources:
- https://www.hicapitalize.com/find-my-401k/
- https://www.alight.com/Find-Your-HR-Website
- https://app.hicapitalize.com/rollover/new/find-my-401k
